[Music]
psv plays in the friday night
philips stadium against heracles almelo and
taste but rather have it this
season very difficult what
in the away game after a human error
is the pipe bomb heracles ahead
by a shot shot by lerin duarte
just before time, PSV came in equal
height thanks to google that soup park
last time psv is a home game
played against heracles almelo was on that
November 2012
PSV then won quite simply with four zero
thanks to goals from dries mertens lucia do
nothing
Kevin Strootman and Tim Matavz 340 was
one of the eleven at home against PSV
Heracles won PSV only twice at home
it did not come from the almeloans in 1962
team of psv with fons among others
of deletion no further than two 2s and in
In 1964 heracles booked her only one
victory in Eindhoven
then it became a dick thanks to church
pesman
but since 1964 bombay has been up about ten times
row of heracles almelo
On 27 April 1986 , PSV booked the largest
home victory thanks to the magistral
ruud gullit became 5 0 at the time
man himself this hits for his account
the other 2 goals came in the name of
cher falcons and mid October
[Applause]
Jefferson farfan over the walls in the
donbass
he does it again was say
also what is double at the moment at psv
baptism in the seat
timmy simons is the specialist at psv
escort it's up to 0
relief and joy
the philips stadium
[Music]
Jefferson Farfan
along the muscles and it is
train for psv
[Applause]
[Music]
that rikkers who are going to shoot will become
tackled and that is a great goal
[Applause]
popovic hard shot good shot
and for tom
do class
is taken care of football again
see here and that delivers a goal the
top 10 for heracles the first goal
of Almelo in the Eredivisie in
eindhoven
since 1966
[Music]
no basic place for leds
already involved in everything after the break
Chernobyl and she came to see him and him
overcame
from for the latest new from psv
especially pay attention to the dynamism
of heracles club highscores bryan
linssen and mark well
both are good for 8 travis tot
season
judgment wanted locadia the man in shape the
last played seven games
5 times
psv is possible for the second time this season
3 matches on the inside
this should be done early in August
then became ado successively
nec and go ahead eagles beaten salient
detail is that the club made that end
to that beautiful week
hitting is wax
[Applause]
at psv times karim rekik pressure of one
Willems and Bruma suspension stand up
sharp and the match is up
valentine's day under management
liesveld kick off at the philips stadium
is at 8 o'clock